# DISCLAIMER
This open-source software uses algorithms to detect, track and record moving objects. It is presently optimized for sky facing cameras but could be used for other applications. 

By using this free open source software, you acknowledge to abide by the software licence conditions and the following:

- This application is designed to access your camera(s) solely for the purpose of sky tracking. It records movement within the camera field of view to file and to image heatmap representation. 

- Users are responsible for adhering to local laws and regulations regarding the use of cameras and privacy rights. It is recommended to obtain consent when capturing images or videos of individuals or private property. Please make use of the privacy mask provided or any on board camera mask to ensure nothing sensitive is recorded to file.

- While we take precautions to ensure the security of the software, we cannot guarantee protection against unauthorized access or misuse. Users are advised to use the application in their own private setting.

- The developers are not responsible for misuse of the software or the material generated by it, nor are the developers responsible for damage to hardware components used with this software

We welcome feedback and suggestions for improving the software's privacy features through Github issues.

By using this application, you agree to the terms outlined in this disclaimer. If you do not agree with these terms, please refrain from using the software. 